Document optimizer.use-exact-partitioning (#13006)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/properties-optimizer.rst

Reduces number of rows produced by joins when optimizer detects that duplicated
join output rows can be skipped.

``optimizer.use-exact-partitioning``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** :ref:`prop-type-boolean`
* **Default value:** ``false``

> Re-partitions data if the partitioning of the input isn't exactly what is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled this forces data repartitioning unless the partitioning of upstream stage matches exactly what downstream stage expects
```

Input and output are not really accurate.

BTW, do we need to mention the session property `use_exact_partitioning` too?

Reduces number of rows produced by joins when optimizer detects that duplicated
join output rows can be skipped.

``optimizer.use-exact-partitioning``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** :ref:`prop-type-boolean`
* **Default value:** ``false``

Re-partitions data unless the partitioning of the upstream stage exactly matches

> what the downstream stage expects. This can also be specified on a per-query

Reviewer 2: Re-partition data unless 

also .. do we want to link to concepts page for stages or is this assumed knowledge on this page .. I kinda think yes
